this truck driving in the 101
we are driving big here this is
South Korea ontario canada we are going
to get everyone how to drive a truck
idling look so I am as you can stand in
corner
oh yeah darling Darlene I turned a
corner what's up
Oh
oh sorry i arrived in turkey day Mila
Xperia singer song sometime
the coffee it's not coffee its Indian d
ha don't be kidding
so Sam she saw glory on video kanata's
our square one more
pretty good infotrac timings sod really
it's kind of round yeah somebody I can
do DUP diving in my truck oh yeah I can
tell somebody
everybody gonna be so funny but I'm
gonna need somebody yeah sorry
order again that's a modest beeping
noise I can indicate your there is my
indicator so left turning right turning
upside down inside out on top of
something doesn't matter you're turning
sound direction is turning indicating
sign decatur kannada is called indicator
india it's called ha we don't use that
one they are tell you that one ok time
to change one gear here because a red
light means God not to go now the green
light we go oh my god one year to hear
oh you are turning PK
in power shifting look at me oh yeah
stop in or the stop sign there i think i
will be like a white guy like this guy
goes called courtesy that's right no
problem buddy it's party time star
shipping again one two we're gonna say
we go my godness time to and i am not
going to indicate my indication of
journey and i'm not even i'm going to
stop cause i see police car where I'm
going right now and it's not a good
situation so I'll indicate Siros
compound over there so exactly where I'm
going so our indicate you're a policeman
is where I'm indicating and going watch
off here now to me oh my god oh my
godness all right now turning and
turning the corner and i hope i don't
get obama i'm going to turn around and
pull a u-turn Oh
hello Polly sky-high doing today or in
this party time oh let me see now I'm
going to put this continent in here put
the hill park it up in a reverse CS very
good storm excellent discount you can
buy something return it they don't cave
is open that's a trick of mine so I Tino
oh yeah ah yeah ok for me and yellow but
died yeah yeah yeah get the cops over
there I have to go now they are having
doughnut and coffee or something okay
barn see you later so the party